IBX-8916: Content update in User documentation - cd. (#314)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/dam/ibexa_dam.md

### Insert images

> To insert an image asset into the HTML editor, locate the image using search options, or manually locate the asset in the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To insert an image asset into the HTML editor, find the image with search options, or manually locate the asset in the folder.
```
